---
title: "Q1 Plan - 2022"
---
**Timeframe:** 1st of January - 31 of March.
3 months/12 Weeks/90 days.
Theoretical Capacity: 250 Hours.

Main directions for this quarter:
- Start a weekly workout habit.
- Start a habit to read/listen a book per month.
- Grow my business income by building the habit of publishing articles per week.

- I am not sure of what career path to choose in my life. I will explore many possibilities and choose the one I prefer.


### Plan Iteration #1:
Estimated total time: [252.5 Hours]

#### Health [9 hours]
###### Workouts
- [ ] 4 Workouts January (15 min / workout) [1 Hour]
- [ ] 8 Workouts February (20 min / workout) [3 Hours]
- [ ] 12 Workouts March (20 min / workout) [5 Hours]

#### Knowledge [109 Hours]
- [ ] Get the Professional Scrum Master I certification. [30 Hours]
- [ ] Get the Professional Scrum Master II certification. [30 Hours]
- [ ] Read/Listen "Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future" [12 Hours]
	- [ ] Notes [3 Hours]
- [ ] Read/Listen "The 4-Hour Workweek: Escape 9-5, Live Anywhere, and Join the New Rich" [10 Hours]
	- [ ] Notes [3 Hours]
- [ ] Read/Listen "Atomic Habits: An Easy & Proven Way to Build Good Habits & Break Bad Ones" [8 Hours]
	- [ ] Notes [3 Hours]

#### Personal [4.5 Hours]
- [ ] 3 Anchor Sessions. [1.5 Hours]
- [ ] 6 Retrospective Sessions. [3 Hours]

#### Business [160 Hours]
- [ ] Publish 25 Articles (~2 articles/week) [25 Hours]
- [ ] Work on the Pomodoro App (1.5 hours/day) [135 Hours]


Important Notes:
- I am well over my capacity. I shall somehow speed up how much it takes for me to complete a task or do 2 tasks at the same time (such as listening to a book while doing another task). Another thing I can do is to take less time off.
- I have to speed up the process of getting the scrum master certification. 30 hours feels like a lot. If I can turn it into 20 hours / certification I can save 20 hours.
- Could I outsource the publishing of articles on Medium? I want to try it in this quarter. Pay / get someone to publish 2 articles / week for The Boring Team. This could shave off 25 hours from the quarter and 100 hours from the year. In the long term, it could become a passive income machine (if I pay less for the article than it makes)
- With income from the business I want to start outsourcing development time as well on the project since it's the biggest chunk of time consumed in a quarter. It may be not this quarter, but It has to start. My main goal shouldn't be developing the project, but managing it.
- I want to get the Professional Scrum Master I certification by the end of January.

### Changelog
- Removed Daily leetcode problems from the Q1 Plan

### Week Overviews
[Week 1 Overview](Master Plans/2022/Q1/Overviews/Week 1 Overview.md)