---
title: "Cypress - Lesson 1: Introduction"
---

#### Introduction
Hi everyone and welcome to the first lesson about Cypress. Cypress is a next generation front-end testing tool build for the modern web. It allows us to:
- Set up tests
- Write tests
- Run tests
- Debug tests

In this first lesson, we're going to cover how to install everything you need to get started. But, before we continue, you must have a pre-requisite: npm. Be sure to install it first.

The easiest way to get started is by installing it alongside the other dependencies of our front-end project. In my case, I will use a NextJS application that I have build in my [NextJS Learning Journey](Courses/NextJS/NextJS%20Learning%20Journey.md). The application is deployed to the following `url`: (ADD URL)

In order to get started, let's create a new folder, in my case `cypress-learning-journey`, and open it up in VSCode.

Let's start by opening up the project folder in VSCode, go to the terminal and install the cypress library with the following command:

```bash
npm install cypress --save-dev
```

This will install Cypress locally as a dev dependency for your project.

We can test that everything worked by trying to open up the Cypress test browser. You can do that with the following command:

```bash
npx cypress open
```

As a side note, we're using `npx` here, which is included in `npm`  > v5.2, or it can be installed separately.

The first time you run this command, it should generate a new folder named `cypress` in your directory. This folder contains many default files that give you a perspective of the folders will be structured for our tests as well as other useful things. 

#### The Cypress Window
In the window that popped up, we can see all the written test files that have been generated by our command. Usually, every test file will end with the extension `.spec.js`. There are a lot of them, but just for curiousity let's run the first one, called `todo.spec.js`, by clicking on it.

What happens next is Cypress will open an automated Chrome instance, and run all the login in the test file. On the right side of the screen, you can see in real time everything that the test file is simulating, and on the left side you can see the results. As you can see, they all passed and are very human readable.

You can easily run all the tests in this file again by pressing the "Run All Tests" button at the top. Aside from this button, in this top bar we can also see how many tests have passed, how many have failed, and also how much time it took to run them all.

We are going to be using this window quite a bit in this journey, so be sure to get comfortable with it.

Back in VSCode, although the generated test files are a great introduction, we are not going to use them in this journey. They can be found in the `integration` folder inside the `cypress` folder. In order to decrease clutter, I'm going to delete them.

In this series, you'll learn how to write your own Cypress tests just like the ones you've seen previously. With that in mind, let's jump into the next lesson, where you'll learn how to write our very first test.

#### [Lesson 2: Writing your first test](Courses/Cypress/Cypress%20-%20Lesson%202.md)
